Remove support for `HttpResponseMessage` assertions (#2909)
fluentassertions/fluentassertions: docs/_pages/releases.md

* Renamed `HaveAttribute` to `HaveAttributeWithValue` on `XElement` - [#2690](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/2690)
* Renamed `RespectingRuntimeTypes` to `PreferringRuntimeMemberTypes` and `RespectingDeclaredTypes` to `PreferringDeclaredMemberTypes` - [#2866](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/2866)
* Renamed `ExcludingNestedObjects` to `WithoutRecursing` to better describe its purpose - [#2876](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/2876)

> * Removed support for asserting on `HttpResponseMessage`. Use [FluentAssertions.Web](https://github.com/adrianiftode/FluentAssertions.Web) in future. - [#2909](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/2909)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed direct support for assertions on `HttpResponseMessage`. Use [FluentAssertions.Web](https://github.com/adrianiftode/FluentAssertions.Web) instead. - [#2909](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/2909)
```

* Renamed `HaveAttribute` to `HaveAttributeWithValue` on `XElement` - [#2690](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/2690)
* Renamed `RespectingRuntimeTypes` to `PreferringRuntimeMemberTypes` and `RespectingDeclaredTypes` to `PreferringDeclaredMemberTypes` - [#2866](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/2866)
* Renamed `ExcludingNestedObjects` to `WithoutRecursing` to better describe its purpose - [#2876](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/2876)
* Removed support for asserting on `HttpResponseMessage` - [#2909](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/2909)

>   * If you need assertions on this type refer to [FluentAssertions.Web](https://github.com/adrianiftode/FluentAssertions.Web)

Reviewer: 🔧 Can we make that a single release note item?

Author: sure
